Address Editorial Feedback in #218 (#624)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

## Motivation

The development of MOQT is driven by goals in a number of areas -
specifically latency, the robust feature set of QUIC and relay
support.

### Latency

> Latency is necessary to correct for variable network throughput. Ideally live

Reviewer: I think you mean "Additional client latency is necessary..." or something similar?

Author: This sentence was here before -- I'm ambivalent.

content is consumed at the same bitrate it is produced. End-to-end latency would
be fixed and only subject to encoding and transmission delays. Unfortunately,
networks have variable throughput, primarily due to congestion. Attempting to
deliver content encoded at a higher bitrate than the network can support causes
queuing along the path from producer to consumer. The speed at which a protocol

> can detect and respond to queuing determines the overall latency. TCP-based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can detect and respond to congestion determines the overall latency. TCP-based
```

A packet policer has no queueing, but it is something you'd want to react to.

> protocols are simple but are slow to detect congestion and suffer from

Reviewer: Is it the slowness of detecting congestion or the the slowness of reacting because you can't give up on transmitting data and head-of-line blocking?

Author: No opinion.

head-of-line blocking. Protocols utilizing UDP directly can avoid queuing, but
the application is then responsible for the complexity of fragmentation,
congestion control, retransmissions, receiver feedback, reassembly, and
more. One goal of MOQT is to achieve the best of both these worlds: leverage the
features of QUIC to create a simple yet flexible low latency protocol that can
rapidly detect and respond to congestion.

### Leveraging QUIC

The parallel nature of QUIC streams can provide improvements in the face
of loss. A goal of MOQT is to design a streaming protocol to leverage
the transmission benefits afforded by parallel QUIC streams as well
exercising options for flexible loss recovery.

### Convergence

Some live media architectures today have separate protocols for ingest and

> distribution, for example RTMP and HTTP based HLS or DASH. This protocol switch
> in the distribution chain necessitates intermediary origins which re-package the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distribution, for example RTMP and HTTP based HLS or DASH. Switching protocols
necessitates intermediary origins which re-package the
```

## CLIENT_SETUP and SERVER_SETUP {#message-setup}

The `CLIENT_SETUP` and `SERVER_SETUP` messages are the first messages exchanged

> by the client and the server; they allows the endpoints to establish the mutually

Reviewer 2: s/allows/allow
